Our customers are at the centre of everything we do.
They've been relying on us for over 200 years
and we've been right there with them, adapting to a changing world,
always improving, and meeting our customers' ever-changing needs.
Our business is built on the trust of our customers.
Our customers trust us to provide quality products and services.
They trust us to protect their privacy and all of their Personal Information we handle.
They trust us to compete fairly in the marketplace
and to treat consumers with courtesy and respect.
As a member of our team,
it's up to you to make sure that how you act towards our customers
is in-line with Our Values, Our Ethics, and with any laws or regulations.
And, just to make sure you're clear on this,
you'll get training at just the right time
with just the right amount of information to help you understand what you can expect from us,
and what we expect from you.
You can also read about these in a series of policy documents on our Corporate Intranet site.
If you're unable to access the Corporate Intranet, talk to your People Leader.
We want to support you to make better decisions in the work you do every day,
so that our business continues to be a great place to work
and the customers we serve leave with a smile.